FileBunker
Copyright (c) 2004, Garrick Toubassi

Distributed under the terms of the MIT License (see below)

Welcome to the source release of FileBunker.  FileBunker is a file backup
application which uses one or more GMail accounts as a free, offsite backup
repository.

The source code for file bunker is located in the src directory.  In order
to build FileBunker you will need the libraries that FileBunker depends on.
The easiest way to get these libraries is to download the binary release
for your development platform, and copy the FileBunker/Resources/lib
directory from that release into your source directory (as a peer to lib).
Note there is no make or ant file yet.

When running FileBunker make sure to pass -Djava.library.path=lib/<platform>
in order to be able to link against the SWT native libraries.


For more information visit http://filebunker.sourceforge.net.

================================

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2004, Garrick Toubassi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
